let's see what happens when we take a
still picture when we're in the movie
mode so we're in the movie mode I'm
gonna hit start
notice my elapsed time is going on and
I'm purposely doing a little motion to
give you a demonstration now I'm gonna
hit the shutter speed button to take a
picture okay it goes black and you'll
notice it still continues going now I'm
gonna hit the stop button
we got a 14 second movie let's go to
playback and to do that we'd go our
little playback item
there's our still picture but I'm gonna
use the control dial on the back to back
up notice in the top right corner of
course we have the little movie mode was
set that's how you know it's a 14 second
movie but I hit the button in the middle
of the control wheel and back and then
I'm going to hit it again to play and
then there's the playback of the movie
now watch what happens when we take a
picture it's just something that happens
you have to be aware of it you see you
get that little freeze-frame and it's
sort of a neat little you could use that
to your advantage as an effect at a
wedding where the bride and groom are
dancing you take the picture and add a
little freeze-frame and sound effect or
whatever but it is something that you
want to keep in mind if you're making a
official movie don't be taking pictures
during it if you don't want that little
freeze in the motion of the movie
I'm gonna show you a hidden little menu
that you won't see unless you go in
movie mode now here's some of your menus
as I scroll through let's look at this
fourth one here it looks like a little
picture with some dots next to it now
I'm gonna go into movie mode whether the
screen is going to go blank for 1/2 a
second there and I'm gonna hit menu
again and look that menu has changed to
a little picture of a camera with a
movie camera next to it this is a menu
specifically now designed for your movie
filming mode you're not going to see
unless you're in the movie mode that
little red camera icon on the back of
the camera and we're gonna go through
you got your autofocus and then you have
your grid display but this is an
interesting thing the recording size
using your four-way controller you can
bring it down to 640 by 480 which is a
very small recording movie and that is
if you don't really care about quality
but you need a lot of recording time or
you want to record something just to go
quick up on the Internet
you're gonna get a nice image because
you got a nice lens and a nice camera it
just won't be very high resolution and
that's the mode you want to go to for
that kind of thing we're going to go
into this which is 24 frames a second
it's going to give you a movie mode
saving a little bit of time or space I
should say on your CF card then sound
recording you can go into silent mode
and then you can make sure just like
with the menu for the still camera that
you don't have any of those beeps or
those annoying noises and this is the
metering timer with the metering timer
you could decide how long the auto
exposure lock is to be maintained once
you hit the auto exposure lock button
that little star button on the back of
the camera
you